#FEATURE REQUESTS  
https://bit.ly/alexa-feature-requests

Jim: Discuss, recommendations of customer cost for a Alexa Skill which would be pushed through the Alexa process?  Discuss marketing & monetization strategies via Alexa

Vittorio: Is it possible to define interactions if the user has installed another specific skill or not? Transfer to another skill, or to check if enabled.

Tom: Is there or will there be an API like the Developer Publishing API ( https://developer.amazon.com/developer-publishing ) that will allow one to programmatically create and update skills in the way that DPAPI does for Android apps? (Use case: I need to create 70+ skills and it's gonna be quite a grind)

Juan: I have ideas for skills that requires geolocation, there is already something that I can interact with the phone's geolocation or should I create an app that will be the one sharing the data to the cloud and the skill getting the data from it?

Fransesco: do we have to re-register for office hours each week, or is there a way to "subscribe" and get the link emailed to us weekly?

Laurie: (ditto above) I asked for this meeting to be recurring a year ago...;-)

#GUIDANCE
Eric: Repasting: Has there been any thought about cutting down on the companies that are flooding the skill store with hundreds of copies of the same skill for different locales? It obviously makes your overall skill count metrics looks good, but it muddies up the skill store unnecessarily.

Paul: How can I share a skill in development with people on a different account?
Vadim: is there data from amazon on the sales of alexa devices? also what are the sales and usage trends?

James: What is the best way to start  on learning Alexa? I have started through on the online tutorials at 
Amazon... Any other options?

Jody: How does a freelancer get Terms of Use permission to turn a podcast or newletter into a flash briefing

Jeremy: [minor] is there any sort of confirmation or tracking for the status of the free dev hoodie?

Marlene: Will Alexa ever be able to control my Epson Work Force printer?  A: regarding Marlene's question, refer to https://www.hackster.io/dolatron/alexa-coloring-pages-printer-b1c101

James: New to it, coming from iOS side…

Sarah: I am looking to develop cool Apps with Alexa. 

Rajamani: How can i get the e book?

Jody: I am ready to load my facts  from a table instead of inline code - tutorial - I can do one......tell Cutsinger I can do it!  :) 

#VOICE DESIGN
Vadim: Is it possible to handle SessionEndedRequest when user does not say anything and have alexa say something like Good bye before the session ends

Michael: I have my own intent recognition system. Can I/How can I make a skill using this instead of Alexa's intent recognition? Thanks. Or receive raw audio/raw text. Universal to all platforms

#TECHNICAL PROBLEMS  
https://forums.developer.amazon.com/spaces/165/index.html

#CERTIFICATION | POLICY
Avinash: When I submit the skill, you are declining it saying there is an error but when I test the intents using your test feature it works

Cody: Our question is around PHI and whether or not Alexa is HIPAA compliant.  If not, is there anyway to get around it.