J. Michael Palermo IV http://twitter.com/palermo4  

Jo is also having a live session tonight at http://youtube.com/jjaquinta/live 9pm EST on promoting your skill 

#Feature Requests
Michael: What is the goal of the alexa-sdk for node-js?  It has 21 issues & 13 pull requests, last updated in October. Is it abandoned?  
Damain: Is there an official supported SDK for .NET or .NET code available or planned.  [Tim Heuer](http://timheuer.com/blog/)  
Travis: Reminder for me to get update on List beta  
Travis: you need to set up an RSS feed of the webinars / landing page of upcoming things  


#Guidance
Colby: Outside of the "skill" submission what hardware is required for Alexa / Echo to communicate with a home smart device?  [Supplemental](https://github.com/witnessmenow/esp8266-alexa-wemo-emulator)  
Where the best place to look for a respectable "Alexa Skills Kit" developer?  
Nick: Any tips or resources to help developers translate their skills for DE? Other than Google Translate of course ;)  
Grant: If the webinar was good, is there any way you could see if it could be saved off to a mov file or something so others could access it?  
Christopher: Would you go over high level steps from I have an iot product I control with arduino and I would like to enable alexa to control the device where do I start?  

Nick: What monetization options is Amazon actively exploring? If you're unable to comment on this, are developers allowed to play audio ads within their Skills?  

#Voice Design
John: What is going on with Lex? Will there be an integration between Lex and the Alexa Skills Kit?

#Technical  
Eric: Is there a reason SSML doesn't work for some APIs, like Flash Briefings? Seems like a weird oversight to omit an otherwise great feature.

#Certification | Policy
Nick: ...are developers allowed to play audio ads within their Skills?  
