J. Michael Palermo IV http://twitter.com/palermo4  
[Webinar this Thursday](https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/485629376702507011) 

#Feature Requests
https://bit.ly/alexa-feature-requests  
Laurie: Trying this again: Could you try to get the powers-that-be to create an email dist list that send out a heads up that a new update when software updates are posted. It doesn't even have to be before the fact - just when it is published so we can see what breaks. For instance the latest update causes Alexa to now say "live" with a long 'I" instead of a short "i" as in "Live Long and Prosper" - a goodbye phrase we use that we had to delete until we had time to go fix it phonetically.  
Elli: I've be asking for over a year now for a means to re-order the items in the Shopping list. It's a small, but really important feature.
Andrea: Smart House - can we seek to integrate the ability to "set color" of RGB connected light bulbs (Google is doing it natively)  
David: When a user has more than one Alexa-enabled device, I'd like to know which one a request came from. Is that possible?  
Timothy: I want to set alarms with an alarm name so I remember why my echo is going off. What would be the easist way to achive this? I assume it has to do with some push notification workaround
what are examples of skills that are standalone and making their developers money through like subscription?
Amy: So, is there any way to receive a list of all the words that are contained in the various 'list types' provided by Amazon. For instance, 'AMAZON.food'  


#Guidance
Manuel: How does Alexa talk to Raspberry Pi through AWS IOT using a Lambda Function? ajot@amazon.com  
Chris: When playing audio can the progress be automatically captured?  Could the progress be saved every X secs w/out user interaction?  
Peri: Is the TAP live when off mode?  
Colin: Need help debugging api responses sent from my web service to aws. Where can I find out what the problem was?  
Vu: Can I enable testing of an unpublished skill to some beta testers? [Adding users to developer portal](https://developer.amazon.com/userpermissions/detail.html)  
Lou: Hi!  I'm with AWS, we have a customer that is doing some great things around public service awareness messaging.  Really cool uses cases.  How can they get highlighted in the what's new newsletter?  
Ted: How can we effectively mute intent triggers depending on skill state to avoid receiving false positives? Please email me at johniv@amazon.com.
Juanda: How do i change the default location..when I ask a local question, Alexa responds to Wilmington, Delaware as my location http://alexa.amazon.com

#Voice Design
Sivaram: Could you point us to some sample skill/code snippets/discussions on modelling Alexa Conversation? (put any resources on voice design here) 
Amy: Without using 'LITERAL', in order to save user input one must have a 'SLOT' defined for that exact word/phrase? [blog](https://developer.amazon.com/blogs/post/Tx3IHSFQSUF3RQP/why-a-custom-slot-is-the-literal-solution)
David: I have a question about how to add a rest request for data when using the alexa skills fact template  
#Technical  

(async request within alexa roundtrip) If we're writing code and we get stuck, what resources are available? Hey - the slack group is actually http://www.alexaslack.com (create a list of these and create a living page here of those)
###[Submitted to forums?](https://forums.developer.amazon.com/spaces/165/index.html)
Lekha: Account linking not working : Access token URL is not getting hit

#Certification | Policy
Steve: I have 4 alexa skills pass cert and I have 2 skills that have failed cert but use the same template. Help! I have 15 to submit.
